Update user guide (#42)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T10-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:

> *  `edit-student 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st student to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.

Reviewer: I think someone forgot to change this previously...
```suggestion
*  `edit-student 1 t/@johndoe e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the telegram handle and email address of the 1st student to be `@johndoe` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
```
